Python: Getting Started sqlalchemy (#7812)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/sqlalchemy.mdx

## Configure

<SignInNote />

```python
import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)
```

The Redis integration is enabled automatically if you have the `sqlalchemy` package installed.

## Verify

```python
from sqlalchemy import create_engine
from sqlalchemy.sql import text

def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

    engine = create_engine(DATABASE_URL, echo=True)
    statement = text("SELECT 'Hello World'")

    with engine.connect() as conn:
        with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
            result = conn.execute(statement)

main()
```

> This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry and will create a span for `SELECT` statement.
> 
> It takes a couple moments until the data shows up in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will create a span for the `SELECT` statement.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```
